lua: set error trace to the caller place (#9996)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-9792-support-level-with-errcode.md

## feature/lua

> * Support the `level` argument in `box.error` and `box.error.new` when
>   error is created using errcode (gh-9792).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for the `level` argument in `box.error` and `box.error.new` when
  an error is created using an error code (gh-9792).
```

Author: Fixed.
